README.md, before:

Website. Honestly.
==================

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/redbadger/website-honestly.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/redbadger/website-honestly)

Red Badger Website Episode 6: Return of the Jedi.

* [Usage](#usage)
* [Dev setup](#dev-setup)
* [Technical Overview](#technical-overview)
* [Environment Variables](https://github.com/redbadger/website-honestly/blob/master/docs/environment-variables.md)


## Usage

```sh
make                   # Print the help
make dev               # Run the dev server
make clean dev-static  # Compile the site locally

# Deploy to dev lambda environment
make clean services-deploy

# Invoke dev lambdas
make services-invoke-publish
```


## Dev setup

```sh
# Install the package manager
npm install --global yarn
# Install the deps
yarn

# Set up the environment variables
cp .env.example .env
vi .env

# Deploy a AWS stack and lambda (if you want one!)
# Provisioning from scratch takes quite a while.
# Go make a cup of tea.
make services-deploy
```


## Technical Overview

This site is a static site hosted on AWS S3 behind AWS Cloudfront.

The React template system is used to compile the pages, and it is run on AWS
Lambda.

Commit message:

Removing CloudFront config from Cloudformation script

README.md, after:

Website. Honestly.
==================

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/redbadger/website-honestly.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/redbadger/website-honestly)

Red Badger Website Episode 6: Return of the Jedi.

* [Usage](#usage)
* [Dev setup](#dev-setup)
* [Technical Overview](#technical-overview)
* [Environment Variables](https://github.com/redbadger/website-honestly/blob/master/docs/environment-variables.md)


## Usage

```sh
make                   # Print the help
make dev               # Run the dev server
make clean dev-static  # Compile the site locally

# Deploy to dev lambda environment
make clean services-deploy

# Invoke dev lambdas
make services-invoke-publish
```


## Dev setup

```sh
# Install the package manager
npm install --global yarn
# Install the deps
yarn

# Set up the environment variables
cp .env.example .env
vi .env

# Deploy a AWS stack and lambda (if you want one!)
# Provisioning from scratch takes quite a while.
# Go make a cup of tea.
make services-deploy
```


## Technical Overview

This site is a static site hosted on AWS S3 behind a proxy that provides HTTPS. You can find the proxy here https://github.com/redbadger/website-next-proxy

The React template system is used to compile the pages, and it is run on AWS
Lambda.
